hi everyone long time no see I feel like
I'm always saying that um but it's been
so busy over the last couple weeks I got
really sick and I also just today
finished my very first law school
midterm ever so I'm so proud of myself
it went well with just a good thing or I
hope it went well I feel like it went
well which is really good but I also
have two midterms coming up so I'll
probably be a little scattered over the
next couple weeks but I am filming a lot
today to kind of reward myself get away
from law today and kind of get back into
the beauty guru mode today I'm going to
be showing you all my favorite nail
polishes for fall I absolutely love nail
polish I actually like nail polish
better in the spring I am more of a path
style kind of girl i love mints and like
purples and like blues and like pinks
but in the fall I'd is kind of nice to
play up with more vampy cooler colors I
always feel a little bit edgier in the
fall and so it is fun to play with these
kind of colors the first caller going to
be showing you is this really beautiful
dark red I love this it's very vampy um
really sultry really dark but it isn't
too dark it doesn't look like black
nails it just looks beautiful I actually
got shellac done for the first time a
few weeks ago and this wasn't the exact
same color it was a one of those shellac
colors but I got it very similar to this
and I had that on for a week they say
she live last two weeks but it only lost
me a week anyway I could wear it with
every single one of my outfits and it
looked good and this vampier darker red
is very on trend right now and looks
really really cool on the nails this
color is by urban outfitters and it's in
the color blood the next floor is also a
red but this one is more of a true red
it's definitely a lot lighter than this
red here this is an essence color
actually and this is in the color a
femme fatale this is the first red I've
ever being able to find which is a very
true read this one
engine a lot of red apples so I really
like that in the fall because it is
apple season and that's what this really
reminds me of it like reminds you have
like a school primary red and I find
that very hard either Reds tend to be
too orange or they tend to be too pinky
and purpley and this one is like a
perfect true red and I love it it's only
like three dollars which is great and
the essence color and go ones are speed
dry so this is a really easy one to
apply as well be away from Reds I love
taupe so this one is from china glaze
and it is in the color below deck this
is a pretty popular color I really like
this one it looks great on the nails as
well matches with everything it is dark
but is it so dark that it's black so if
you kind of want to get away from black
this is a really nice color to try
speaking of getting away from black this
is a really good one as well this is
another essence color and go color and
this isn't the color date in the
moonlight what I like about this one is
it's a navy blue and it's kind of more
of a charcoal a blue like it's almost
like a gray blue and it's got beautiful
blue glitter flecks in it i'm not a huge
glitter where sometimes I kind of get in
the mood now wear glitter but I
generally like my nails to be very
glossy creamy colors but this one I
don't know it just from far away or when
you're in artificial light you can't
really tell it just kind of looks like
our charcoal gray kind of a blue a color
then you get out into the Sun and all of
a sudden you can see the very fine blue
glitter and it just looks gorgeous this
color reminds me of a fashion item that
is very in trend and that is the cargo
jacket our cargo best this is a really
pretty army green and I actually got
this it was on sale at my I'm Sally's
Beauty Supply and I was kind of
surprised that it was on sale but I
think the reason why is when you first
look at this color when it's sitting
among all sorts of other colors it isn't
jewel tone it isn't glittery or sparkly
and you
imagine it looking great on the nails
but just like cargo goes with everything
this goes with everything and it's just
a cool different color not very many
people wear it it's very fall inspired
and i just love briefing this one out
one day hits october and the last color
i have all my nails now it is a true
black i have talked about this one in
particular before this is my finger
paints you can get into sally beauty
supply and it is in the color black
expressionism i really like this
particular black it's really easy to
apply you only need one coat which is
why I love black nails because I am a
busy bee lately and I can't really
justify spending the time sitting there
and doing my nails coat after coat and
then a top coat multiple times a week
when it just kind of chips a day or so
after and so I really like applying
blacks it's just easy you can kind of
slap it on through our top coat over top
and run out the door so those were my
top six fall nail polish favorites I
hope you enjoyed this video if you have
any fall inspired videos you would like
me to do please leave those requests
down below I'm will see in the next
video bye guys